[Magic - all] Update dash nav paths (#7507)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/magic-firewall/how-to/add-rules.md

## Update a rule

1. Log in to your [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login), and select your account.
2. Select **Magic Firewall** > **Custom rules**.
3. Locate the rule you want to edit, and select **Edit**.
4. Update the rule with your changes and select **Edit rule**.

## Delete an existing rule

> 1. Locate the rule you'd like to delete in the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Locate the rule you want to delete in the list.
```
